#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= Requirements =

All sub projects of _visualDependencies_ use the Java 6 SDK. The build management is done with Maven 2. The projects are built-with Eclipse ones, so Eclipse users will have no problems importing the project as a standard Java/Maven project.

Note: We cannot ship the required ojdbc.jar directly in our source code repository due license issues. See here: OracleJdbcDriver.

= Checkout =
== Subversion URL ==
The source code project (latest) is located at http://code.google.com/p/visualdependencies/source/browse/#svn/vdb-release-2009/trunk.

== Details for Eclipse (recommended) ==

Note: You have to install the [http://m2eclipse.sonatype.org/ m2eclipse] plugin. This is the de-facto standard Maven plugin for Eclipse. This will provide a built-in Maven, too.

In Eclipse 3.6 (current release), import a new projekt using Eclipse's Import from SVN feature. For SVN information, see the tab [http://code.google.com/p/visualdependencies/source/list Source] at the top. 

That's it. Build a new jar artifact or just start the Main.java.

== Details for command line/no Build-Management-IDE ==

Note: You have to install Maven2 and make it available in your path environment. Unfortunately, we cannot provide a full Maven install guide. 

Just checkout the code from the SVN. For SVN information, see the tab [http://code.google.com/p/visualdependencies/source/list Source] at the top. 

That's it. Build a new jar artifact via mvn package and start the jar.

= Build =
== One-Jar ==
One-Jar artifacts are built-in now. In general, you find the appropriate jar near the normal jar. For example, the normal artifact build.jar the one-jar's name is called build.one-jar.jar.